Update use-windows-defender-application-control-with-intelligent-secu… (#4361)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/use-windows-defender-application-control-with-intelligent-security-graph.md

The ISG heuristic does not authorize kernel mode drivers. The WDAC policy must have rules that allow the necessary drivers to run.  

In some cases, the code integrity logs where WDAC errors and warnings are written will contain error events for native images generated for .NET assemblies. Typically, the error is functionally benign as a blocked native image will result in the corresponding assembly being re-interpreted. Review for functionality and performance for the related applications using the native images maybe necessary in some cases. 

>[!NOTE]

> > A rule that explicitly allows an application will take precedence over the ISG rule that does not allow it. In this scenario, this policy is not compatible with Intune, where there is no option to add rules to the template that enables ISG. In almost any circumstance, you would need to build a custom WDAC policy, including ISG if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A rule that explicitly allows an application will take precedence over the ISG rule that does not allow it. In this scenario, this policy is not compatible with Intune, where there is no option to add rules to the template that enables ISG. In most circumstances you would need to build a custom WDAC policy, including ISG if desired.
```
